#summary Non-Functional Requirements
#labels Phase-Requirements

= Introduction =

In construction.


= Non Functional Requirements =

=== * Training Neural Network * ===

  * All training functions are located in a dockable panel in the main menu.
  * It must be enabled just when there is an document open, otherwise it must be disabled.
  * There is one combo-button: "Start Training".
  * There is two buttons: "Pause/Resume Training" and "Stop Training"
    # Start Training (Button Part)
     * * Pre-Conditions: * A NN model loaded on NNGR and at least one TS.
     * * Description: * 
        * The user click on "start training".
        * If there isn't a TS the IDE warn the USER.
        * If there is ONE TS it is loaded on NN.
        * If there is MORE THAN ONE TS and NO DEFAULT TS act as Start Training (Combo Part). See above. 
     * * Pos-Condition: * The NN state is "training".
    # Start Training (Combo Part)
     * * Pre-Conditions: * A NN model loaded on NNGR.
     * * Description: * 
        * The user click on "start training" combo.
        * The combos open listing all avaiable TS.
        * The user choose a TS. It is set as DEFAULT TS. The TS is loaded on NN.
     * * Pos-Condition: * The NN state is "training".
    # Pause/Resume Training
     * * Pre-Conditions: * A NN in "training" or "paused" state.
     * * Description: * The user click on "pause/resume".
     * * Pos-Condition: * The NN state toogle between "paused" and "training".
    # Stop Training
     * * Pre-Conditions: * A NN in "training" or "paused" state.
     * * Description: * The user click on "stop training".
     * * Pos-Condition: * The NN state is "idle".

  # Suports graphical NN representation (NNGR).
  # Suports NNGR edition.
  # NNGR suports Neuron CRUD.
  # NNGR suports Synapse CRUD.
  # NNGR suports Neuron Group CRUD.
  # NNGR suports infinite undo/redo operation.
  # Suports Training Set edition.
  # Suports Training Set CRUD.
  # Suports multiple Training Sets per NN.
  # Suports pre-defined Domains(DOMp).
  # Suports user-defined Domains (DOMu).
  # Suports NN-defined Domains (DOMn).
  # Suports DOMx CRUD.
  # Suports persistence of NNGR (including NN), TS and DOMn in a Document (DOC).
  # Suports generate NN source code based on the specific NN model used and the language template choosen.
  # Suports export a trained NN as a .Net assembly.
  # Suports a plugin architecture to extend the behavior of the IDE.
  # Suports total configuration of IDE aspects.
  # Suports total configuration of NNGR (and their sub-items) overriding IDE configuration.